in the winter nights the sky road dark
and clouds form together and outcomes
snow it can be nice to the engines
sometimes a smoke fall hard and it is
very dangerous
birdy the bus and helping out with the
passengers on ducks branch line ducking
over at a lot of shunting mini and down
on the Douglas were sent to help Boko
and Edwards branch Ronnie always at the
station one afternoon we Bernie pulled
in looking worried what is the matter
Verde asked Oliver a blizzard is hitting
the island tonight it will cause lots of
delays all around the island and this
line will be no exception it's not like
Sir Topham Hatt it's going to make you
work in that weather yeah I know but
there are some very important pastors
were going to the bait station tonight I
hope I can get them there before the
blizzard hits believe me buddy I hope
you do too I don't want to go out there
cuz i dont with the snow at all it
freezes my boiler and makes my wheels
feel stiff all was not a huge fan is now
what a burden in this he was loving the
time and I'll retire to the children's
snowman he started to shovel what are
you chuckling about over this and all
over sharply birdie soon left and Oliver
went off to work all over the was
shunting with duck and told us in
deciding muted by watching them work
well Oliver dub cried out it seems
there's some snow falling tonight you
complain about your boiler again will
you no duck I will not all right he said
crossly duck started to laugh even know
about this money all it wasn't happy at
all at calm ish da
it's just shove Hamish one at all when
all were doing was he was delighted he
saw the clouds gathering in the sky
darker and darker
hooray the snow is about to fall time to
get back to the sheds God had already
gone back to a shed so Oliver Tony only
ones in the shunting yard when the art
dr. Cole but any of us has broken down
he is stuck near born passengers are
stranded at the station Oliver you're
the cause is Indian available Sir Topham
Hatt has ordered you that you take the
train and take a hold with you for over
was it said what is it dangerous those
are top imagine orders I just want to
take our chances over pull toe to the
station by now the snow is getting
harder and harder this coil is starting
to freeze thankfully the cultures were
already emplacement when he arrived
I have to be money seeing the train was
many and Oliver a hard time starting his
means appealing stiff ah he groaned
finally his wheels started to move all
right now we're moving there's no word
in stern and Oliver moved harder and
horror
well done boy keep it up all trying he
said bravely some nice driver saw huge
pile of snow up ahead he tried to stop
the train suddenly Oliver shot forward
what has just happened there's a
snowdrift up ahead we have to go
backwards barman make sure the garden
tone knows what is happening all right
everything's a go hey what is happening
Oliver his wheels aren't moving steam is
moving though but his wheels aren't at
all it's like I said when wheels have
got instead his driver and fireman God
I'm in the blizzard inspecting his
wheels they looked all over but nothing
was wrong now this is strange what are
we going to do we can't just stay here
all night we'll be walking alone I got
it it's risky but it just might work he
told the driver explained we could try
but be careful all respire man let his
fire gather in his boiler to Oliver for
me why are you making my fire water to
make your wheels as warm as the Sun at
always shy a little half suddenly Oliver
felt one again and his wheels started to
move all right Nunley how do you view /
better than before Allah min Oliver
smiled as he got was about to the other
line even though the snow swirled in his
face he just kept on move
and arrived at the stage and safe and
said
his driver and finally were delighted
well done you braved the blizzard and
made it through the horses of weathers
we should check you out earlier though
said all this morning never mind about
that let's just be happy about what we
just did that's right meesh all about
you I've just done something to be proud
of for the rest of the night Oliver
stayed in the shutting of the big
station as the snow fell all over felt
happy that he didn't have to go outside
again I can call her Lexus no but he
just doesn't like the color what do you
think